[MUSIC]
Online Git repositories
enable you to store a copy of
your Git repository online.
And It can easily be shared among
multiple computers and multiple users.
Let’s learn about two of the online
Git repository service providers,
GitHub and Bitbucket,
in a little bit more detail.
We’ll look at how we can set
up our local Git repository
to be mirrored in
an online Git repository.
There are several online Git
repository service providers.
Two of the most popular ones
are GitHub and Bitbucket.
I will go through in more detail about how
you can set up your Git repository that
you prepared in the previous exercise to
be made out on an online Git
repository on Bitbucket.
To set up in online Git repository,
go to one of these
online service providers and
then sign up for an account.
So here, I have signed up into
my Bitbucket account, and
I have my homepage open here.
And so
I'm going to create a new repository
online on my Bitbucket repository.
So I just click on the Create repository,
and
then this would come up with some details.
Now, this varies with
the repository service provider.
So here,
I will specify the name of the repository
as git-test, and I'm going to mark
this as a private repository.
For this course and all the remaining
courses in this specialization,
I would strongly advise you to keep your
repositories as private repositories,
because you don't want somebody else to
be copying the code that you might save
in your online Git repository.
So please,
make sure that you only use private
repositories in this specialization.
So I will sign up as a get
private repository, and
then simply click on create repository.
And then it'll do some setup,
and then be ready for me, okay?
Now, what I need to do is to copy this
particular URL format repository.
So you will see a URL for
the repository in the home
page of the repository.
So just copy that URL for the repository,
because we would need that
in order to synchronize our local
Git repository with this repository.
So I'm going to copy that.
And since I have already created my
local Git repository, I'm going to go in
there and set that up to be mirrored
in this online Git repository.
So for that, we need to use a couple of
Git commands that enable us to do this.
Going to the command prompt in my
Git repository folder I will type,
git remote add origin.
And then paste the URL for
my Bitbucket repository that I've
just created, and hit the return.
So now, my local Git repository's remote
origin is set to the Bitbucket repository.
So now, I want to be able to push
the entire contents of my local
Git repository to my
online Git repository.
So reviewing the commands for
setting up the online Git repository,
the first one that we just did, git
remote add origin and the repository URL.
And so this will add the online
repository as the remote repository for
my local Git repository.
Once I do that, then I need to push
my contents to my online repository.
So for that,
I do git push -u origin master.
And this command would push the local
Git repository to the online repository.
So let's type that at the command prompt.
So once I type this at
the command prompt and
hit the return,
it's going to set up my Git repository.
Sometimes it may ask you
to type in your credentials
including your password on
your Bitbucket account.
So you may have to do that.
I had already done that previously, so
that's why it didn't ask me again for
the password.
But once I had typed that in,
then the contents of my local depository
will be pushed to the server's site.
So now, the data on my local Git
repository is now matched on the server.
So let's go to Bitbucket to see the status
of my online Git repository now.
Going to my Bitbucket and
then reviewing the online Git repository,
you would see that there
has been a branch,
the master branch, that has been
pushed to my online Git repository.
I can then examine the source
by looking at the source here.
And then you can see that I
have the index.html file,
which is exactly the same as what
I have in my local Git repository.
And examine the radius comments also, so
I can look at the state in the second
comment and at the first comment.
So you can now see that all this
information has been uploaded
to the online repository,
including the history of all the comments.
Then going back there,
you can see more details about all
the comments that have been
sent to the server side.
I can examine each of those
comments in a bit more detail.
And I'm going back to the source,
I can look at more details
of the source like that.
So that has now setup my local Git
repository to be mirrored in Bitbucket.
The procedure is pretty much
similar even on GitHub.
So let me set up an online
GitHub repository.
Now, obviously, you have to remember
that your local repository can only be
matched to one online repository.
So I will only go through setting
up the repository on GitHub, and
you will notice the same kind of commands
would be required if you want to set up
your local repository to be
mirrored on a repository on GitHub.
So on GitHub,
if you login to your account,
you would see something
like this in your homepage.
You can go to the right-hand side where
there's a plus side and then click on that
to create a new repository, or just click
on this button here to say new repository.
And then when it comes up
I can simply say git test,
and then, again, as a reminder,
please, make that a private repository.
Most of these providers allow you to
now store private repositories online,
so why make them public unless you really
want to share it with other people?
So I would strongly urge you to
keep your repositories private for
the moment,
unless you are working with a Tee.
I should remind you that at this moment,
GitHub supports private repositories
only for those subscribers who pay for
their GitHub account.
So it is not available for subscribers
who are using their free account.
So simply click on private, and
then Create repository, and
then that will create a repository.
And then you would see
that GitHub also gives me
a bunch of commands here on
how to set up the repository.
So for creating a new repository on
the command line, the commands that we
actually had done earlier, or
to push an existing repository,
the same two kinds of commands
that have to be issued.
So that basically sets up
your GitHub repository
to mirror your local repository.
So since I have already linked
my repository to Bitbucket,
I'm not going to use my GitHub
repository for the purpose.
So as you noticed, the procedure is pretty
much similar on either one of them.
Give and take a few differences
in the way the information
is rendered on the screen in the user
interface and a little bit of changes.
More or less, they are similar in debate
the way you're going to make use of them
in terms of mirroring your local Git
repository to the online repository here.
So with this, suppose somebody
gives you a Git repository,
can you make a copy of
that on to your local one?
So this is where we use another
Git command called git clone.
So now here, you see that I
have this git test repository.
So what I'm going to do is I'm
going to go to the suppository,
and then copy this URL.
And then I'll show you how I can
create a copy of the Git repository or
clone this online repository
into my local computer.
So let's pretend that I am on a different
computer, and then we'll go to
our command line, and then create
another repository with that same name.
Going to my command line,
I'm just going to move up and
you'll see that I have my
git-test folder there.
So I'm going to create another temporary
folder here just to show you that
I can clone an online Git repository
service in my temporary folder.
You see that it is empty.
So to review the command, it says
git clone and the repository's URL.
So let's apply this command and
clone the online Git repository.
Pretending that we are on another
computer, so I'm going to say git clone.
And then, Paste the URL of my
Bitbucket repository here.
And then you would see that that
repository will now get cloned
into a local folder of the same name,
git-test.
So now,
if I do a listing of the directory,
you can see the be git-test
folder has been created.
So let's go to the git-test folder,
and then you will see that
this is an exact copy of the folder
structure that we had created earlier.
So this is how you can clone
an online Git repository.
So, all you need to do is obtain
the URL of that Git repository, and
then simply use git clone to get a copy
of that onto your local computer.
With this, we complete this exercise
on using online Git repositories.
So did you finally Git it?
[MUSIC]